Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
2 million fake bank accounts
under customers' names
without their knowledge.
At one time I had.
looking at it.
counting it.
I had 15 accounts at once.
The guy that was doing
the camera work today
where I am at the Capitol
was one of those customers
that got an unauthorized.
unwarranted account.
We hear it all over the place.
Now. thousands of employees
have been fired.
and customers are left wondering
if they're victims.
The unauthorized opening
of accounts in your name
may be by using fraudulent
email addresses or pins
is just shocking conduct.
and absolutely
should not be tolerated.
I don't even know
when it's gonna get going.
Well. there's 10.
there's 15. there's 5.
and I didn't authorize
any of this.
Ma'am. I'm so sorry.
we're short staffed
-on Saturdays.
-I need my check
deposited by today.
If I could just maybe get
a deposit slip really quickly.
So. you haven't resigned.
you haven't returned
a single nickel
of your personal earnings.
you haven't fired
a single senior executive.
Yeah. I can take care
of that for you.
It will be much quicker
if you come inside.
-Thank you.
-Instead. evidently
your definition of "accountable"
is to push the blame
to your low-level employees
who don't have the money
for a fancy PR firm
to defend themselves.
So. if I get me
one of them new smartphones.
I can do all this from home?
But. you squeezed your employees
to the breaking point.
so they would cheat customers.
and you could drive up
the value of your stock.
and put hundreds
of millions of dollars
in your own pocket.
Last time. I think
it was your manager.
mentioned that I was in
for a small business loan.
Could we get that put together?
Frank. are you there?
Yeah. just--just a second.
You accepted. all along.
as this fraud built up.
this massive fraud.
I'm--I'm really sorry
about this.
Just give me one second.
In 2008.
Wall Street promised change.
but it looks like
it is business as usual.
A giant bank
cheats the little guys.
and the executives
line their own pockets.
No. no. no. no. no. no. okay.
okay. don't shoot. don't shoot.
-don't shoot.
-Don't touch the button
-or we'll shoot.
-Okay. I'm not.
Everyone else
on your stomachs now!
Don't touch your phones.
purses. nothing!
Let me see your hands.
make sure I can see 'em!
And you.
what are you still doing?
-Get on the floor.
-Fuck you. she's pregnant.
On her side then. now!
Nobody has to get hurt.
just do what I say!
What do you think they want?
There can't be much here.
Oh. my God. Jesus.
121. come in. 121.
Where's Frank?
Enough!
Where's your phone?
Okay.
121. what's your 20?
Really? Door.
You're going to
respond to dispatch.
Not a word off.
Ready?
Dispatch. this is 121.
we have a--
I said. "Not a word."
I was just calling it in.
Dispatch. this is 121.
All secure.
just routine maintenance.
I don't have a phone.
He says he doesn't have one.
It's true. it's true. he told--
Shut up.
I don't believe him.
Are you having fun back there?
Shut up.
Okay. that's enough.
-That's enough.
-What the fuck are you doing?
I'm not doing it like this.
Okay. we need
those last two phones.
You cover the front. all right?
Listen. I can handle this.
The signal's down anyways.
I'm calling an audible.
Don't make me regret this.
I apologize
if he was a little rough.
Is it really possible that
somebody this day and age
-doesn't have a cellphone?
-You're looking at him.
I think he just wants
to make sure that
-you don't have a gun.
-Well. I don't.
I mean. you're a painter?
You could probably scrape by
on what. 40. 50.000 a year?
I'm not judging you.
If you give me an hour.
I'll give you more money
than you've seen in a lifetime.
and it's
100-percent untraceable.
Yeah. right.
I'm not joking.
All of you are victims
of the most corrupt bank
in history.
and today is your bailout.
You don't have to like
what happens here today.
but nobody has to
get hurt either.
Can you pat him down again?
Oh. come on.
I gave you the opportunity. sir.
he's just. uh--
he's just trying
to keep everyone safe.
Thought you could hide that?
Sir.
I do hope you cooperate with me
going forward. all right?
I wanna make sure everybody
gets out of here alive today.
okay?
And you.
there's no need
to cover for him.
Charger.
Okay. everything's as planned.
we just need to find
the last phone.
and then we can get out of here.
The other missing phone
is yours?
Okay.
What the fuck are you doing?
The longer we're in this lobby.
the more difficult
this is going to be.
I know you're jacked up
right now. but it's not helping.
I need you to
calm the fuck down.
Please.
Okay.
-Is the phone in your car?
-I--I think so.
Okay. let's go. come on.
Hurry it the fuck up.
if we're still here
in 10 minutes. I'm calling it.
-Yeah?
-Watch future dad over there.
Yeah. no fucking kidding.
All right.
we're opening the door.
Nobody say a goddamn thing.
Come on.
All right.
We're gonna get through this.
you're doing just fine.
Hey.
If something goes down.
can I rely on you?
Knock it off.
we already told you.
there's no need for that.
Where's the manager?
Shit.
Hey. man. hey.
you guys closed already?
Yes. sir. how can I help you?
Well. the ATM isn't closed.
though. right?
No. ATM never closes.
Okay.
Excuse me.
Let's see that phone. phone.
Why's he sending the driver away
if he's just here for cash?
Tell him we're closed.
I did.
And he's already seen my face.
Okay.
Okay. I'll take care of it.
-Excuse me. sir.
-All right. you know the drill?
Yeah. I got it. don't worry.
-How can I help you?
-Uh. the ATM's down.
-The ATM is down?
-Yeah. yeah. you need. like.
the weight of a car.
or something like that.
It's like a sensor or something.
Well. I know that there is
a branch down the road
that has a walk-up ATM.
I mean. isn't there
an ATM in there. right?
Yes. sir. but I'm sorry.
we just closed
-a few minutes ago.
-Come on. man.
I just need. like. 20 bucks.
You're right. I'm sorry.
Come on in.
Well. fuck.
All right.
let's get the camera going.
You aren't giving me
a whole lot of options here.
Is that a threat?
-You said this wasn't personal.
-It's not.
Then. you don't need
to have your face
-on the camera like that.
-Listen. we're already here.
Can we please finish
what we came to do?
Fine. but if you go off book
one more time.
I will pin this whole
goddamn thing on you.
One of y'all gonna
do something brave?
What's your name?
Megan.
Listen. everything--
everything's gonna be fine.
Okay?
Yeah. you don't need
to worry about them.
I think we could take 'em.
Can you not threaten
the dude with the gun?
Enough!
Well. where's the manager?
I assure you that
the manager is fine.
Is this your first panic attack?
-Can you back off for just--?
-My meds are in my bag.
Okay. when's the last time
you took one?
Um. an hour ago.
or it was 20 minutes.
I don't remember.
There's paper bags
in the break room.
Okay. can you take her
to go get that. please?
Really?
Is that necessary?
Ideally I think we'd all like
Megan to be able to breathe.
And while you're gone.
please consider
who you're gonna contact.
What?
Constant contact. right?
Everybody's got one.
somebody that's awaiting
some meme response. an email.
a text. a phone call. whatever.
Somebody like that. okay?
I don't want anybody wondering
where we're at right now.
Who's phone is this?
Uh. that'd be me.
-Frank.
-Keep your voice down.
You guys have a PowerPoint
on how to get away with a heist?
Something like that.
But. we're not the ones
getting away with it.
How did he get a lighter?
So far the only person
these guys have robbed is me
of a smoke break.
I'm not just
saying it to say it.
I'm gonna need a smoke.
This political?
What isn't these days?
-Don't point that thing at me.
-I--
I heard the shot
in the back. what?
This is not
what it looks like. Allison.
-Well then. what is it?
-They're bullets.
They're all blanks.
What?
So. uh. who should we contact?
Uh. I don't know.
my roommates.
Just like that.
you expect us to comply?
No. you're not
complying with me.
you're complying with him.
-Should we text them?
-No. no. Morse code.
-Of course text.
-What's your fucking game?
-Hey!
-Hey. uh--
No. I--I don't--
Does it look like
I'm playing with you?
No. what?
You--you wanted me
to think you were dead?
He's going to
explain everything.
Is this. like. a--
a hidden camera show
-or something?
-No. it isn't.
-Frank. just--
-You are going to have to
-follow my lead.
-Tell me what is going on.
If I had the time.
I would explain everything.
Look. would I ever
put you in danger?
You message on
a third-party app. right?
-Encrypted?
-Yeah.
Smart man.
What should we tell them?
Um. I don't know. how about.
"Got held up. be home soon"?
Cute one.
Are they expecting you?
Yeah. we usually go out
on Saturday nights.
Particular time?
You know.
just whenever we all get home.
Which is?
It can vary.
Okay.
Where'd you even get that thing?
Collin isn't always around
when I'm closing.
-Ready?
-Wait.
Was--was this always a part
of the plan. you telling me?
I don't even know anymore.
he wasn't supposed to
-take his mask off.
-But. he wants you
to close down the bank?
Let me suggest
closing down the bank.
Why would he do that?
Do you totally trust them?
So.
that'll be Eric. Joe.
and TJ that we're texting?
How'd you--?
I need to close down the bank.
if you don't want
the security company
-calling again.
-Allison.
If you don't want this
turning into a shootout.
Now that's a really good idea.
I should've
thought of that myself.
Can you do my deposit for me?
Really. can we just
let them have what they want
so we can get out of here?
That's exactly right.
we need to make sure
that nobody's expecting us.
Why do you need
to deposit that check?
Because my rent's due
by tomorrow.
I think your landlord's
gonna understand.
No. we are depositing
that check.
just like we had
to text your roommates.
And you're gonna keep
a real close eye on
Ms. Manford for me. right?
Good.
Who's next?
Someone's taken a branch.
What do you mean
"taken a branch"?
The link to this footage
was sent to me directly.
No sign of where
it's coming from.
They don't even
have the sound on.
Just seems like they want me
to know that they're in.
So. do we know for certain
this is live?
Do we have the luxury
of doubting it?
We're not gonna
negotiate with terrorists.
That's just it. they haven't
sent me any demands.
That's why I didn't
send you the link.
At this point.
you have plausible deniability.
All right. then we'll just--
Holy shit.
There's no one to contact.
otherwise we'd do it.
Is this a joke to you?
Can you tell them to get
the fucking gun off of her?
Yes. of course.
I'm sorry. I--
He's trying to
move this along. okay?
I already told you. we were
going home and staying there
the rest of the afternoon.
no one was expecting us.
Right. but you're not home now.
You're here. so.
Just do what he wants.
Victoria's bound to
come over for something.
Your sister?
No. neighbor.
Did you lock the back door
on your way out?
Yeah.
Why don't we call Victoria
and ask her to check?
That's a great idea.
Hi. Victoria. it's Maria.
Yeah. yeah. yes. no problem.
Yes. yes.
No problem.
Uh. we decided
to go to the mall.
Hello?
Would you mind seeing
if we locked the back door?
How can I help you?
Yeah. thank you.
That--that would be great.
Yeah. see you. bye.
Yeah.
We should be back up
and closed down
for the evening.
You got that on your end?
Oh. God.
-Ah. Frank. you scared--
-Frank?
No. no. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Sure.
We need anything else?
Okay. sounds good.
I'll swing by and see you soon.
Bye-bye.
Good.
And I suggest that
you actually stop at the store
on the way home just to
make everything appear normal.
You were in on this.
Didn't wanna call
your bestie Frank. huh?
What are you doing?
What are you doing. Jane?
Come--come on. Frank.
enough is enough. all right.
Oh. she's right. Frank.
I told you not to wear one
to begin with.
-What exactly is this shit?
-All right. calm down.
So. these others at the table.
they seem to know this guy.
If I were to guess.
I'd have to say that she's--
she's an employee.
Everybody else just looks
dressed like a customer.
So. perhaps he's
an employee as well.
Do you recognize him?
We have over 6.000 branches.
I always knew this bank
was stealing from me.
but goddamn.
The quicker everyone
clears their alibi.
the quicker we can explain.
Explain why you're
taking your own bank hostage?
Why don't you
show us how it's done?
Not a bad idea.
Okay.
All right.
I'll text Greg.
We play basketball
on Saturdays now and again.
-What about your wife?
-Do you see a ring
-on his finger?
-I never married.
Nah.
wasn't legal
till a couple years ago.
Now. what does that
have to do with anything?
It doesn't.
Fair enough.
Uh-uh.
We'll type it for you.
Okay. all right. all right.
calm down. calm down.
We need to calm down
so we can all get one. right?
Go for Senator McHenry.
Okay. getting her now.
Ma'am. you have a phone call.
Ugh. well.
um. unfortunately
I have to go back to work.
There's no rest
for civil service.
But.
it is Ms. Starla's birthday.
so she is gonna be the one
to hand out the party favors.
Thank you.
happy birthday. sweetheart.
Here you go. babe.
It's Daniels.
A branch has been breached.
Jesus.
You know I don't need to know
about those things.
-Get me a secure line.
-Already on it.
That plaque.
-That one?
-Right there.
We rolled that out
a couple of months back.
Morale booster.
A dozen or so branches
that received them.
I'll get that list. sir.
Yes. sir.
Just wanted you to know that
that composite you wanted
is in stock.
Yep.
Should be able to get started
first thing Monday morning.
Yep.
All right.
You have a good night now.
Talk to you soon.
There.
Can I have a cigarette now?
Who's this. Willy?
That's my wife.
That's my daughter's page.
right?
Is your daughter Robin Tucker?
I want you to take a look at
when that was posted.
That's the last photo of my wife
before she started chemo.
Yeah. but--but your ring.
What. I don't wanna
doubt the guy either.
I don't know. do we want
Mrs. Spitz to come
looking for him?
You know. with these guys?
I can't believe I'm saying this.
Verify it.
Look it up.
Unfortunately it looks like
it's more like 25 locations
-that received the plaques.
-Let me guess. we hit up
every region. huh?
On a map it would
look like a carpet bombing.
Morale.
"Willy. her husband of 39 years.
a career painter and landscaper.
was the love of her life.
When she got sick.
he built a park bench
for Johnson Park.
where they first met.
Says he'll continue
to go there every day
until he sees Sheryl again.
Sheryl is survived
by her husband.
-and daughter Robin."
-That's enough.
She took care of
all the banking stuff.
She's the whole reason
I was even here today.
Would your daughter be expecting
to see you this afternoon?
We haven't talked in a while.
Collin. why don't you go next?
Sure.
I'll call my wife.
Tell her I'm staying late.
I've already told
the security company
that we're locked up
for the night.
Do you ever stop for a beer
on the way home?
-Not even to watch the game?
-No.
She wouldn't believe that.
You could get a jacket.
a new jacket for your daughter.
Yeah. that'll work.
-Okay. a call?
-Text.
Let me type it.
The dozen major
security companies
that we partner with
all have subcontractors
based in their area.
But. clearly if
we haven't been notified.
these guys have
smoke-screened them somehow.
-so we--
-Don't propose anything
that asserts we go public
with this information.
That's why you were hired.
to assure we don't
have to do that.
Yes. sir.
You have his phone number.
Give it to me and I'll find him.
What the fuck
do you want me to do?
Look. we're gonna
do this together. okay?
And your rent check
got deposited. right?
Soon you're never gonna have to
worry about a rent check again.
-so.
-Maybe I can call my landlord
and tell him
my check was deposited.
Okay. would that--
would that be normal?
-What do you mean?
-Do you talk to your landlord?
-Not really.
-Jesus Christ.
-just do it for her.
-Will you please stop?
-I'm trying.
-All right.
who do you talk to every day?
-My mom.
-Have you spoken with her today?
She reminded me this morning
about my rent.
Okay. why don't we call her
and let her know it's done?
She's gonna know
something's wrong.
-Why?
-Because she'll hear it
-in my voice.
-Why don't we text her?
Do you think that will work?
Maybe. she told me to call her
when I was done.
Do you always call your mom
when she asks you to?
Okay. so that's what we'll do.
we'll text her.
See. it's gonna be fine.
We're gonna get out of here.
Add a smiley.
Okay. if I do this.
then you promise
-everyone gets out?
-Yes.
It's almost over. Allison.
-Who do you wanna contact?
-My mother.
Original.
She's watching my kid.
Is it typical you stay
this long closing up?
No. we're normally gone
within an hour.
Half hour.
Why hasn't she called you
wondering where you are?
She has him till 8:00 tonight.
Girl's night out?
I was going to see a movie.
Okay. well.
let's call away--
Actually. I usually FaceTime.
Hey. Mom.
when are you coming home?
Soon. baby.
just be good for Nana
and I'll be home soon. okay?
Mom. I really want
you to come home.
Micah. no sir.
Honey. I gotta go.
Ally. are you all right?
Maybe. I--
I--I just don't like
when he acts like this.
It reminds me of his father.
Honey. don't worry. just--
just go on and have a good time.
Everything is gonna
be okay. okay?
We'll--we'll talk
to you real soon.
Okay.
Good save.
You mind if I ask
about their dad?
Divorced and out of state.
All right.
Well. listen. everybody.
that was the. um--
that's the hard part. it's over.
Frank. do you wanna
take somebody
to get a pot of coffee going?
Coffee?
Are you kidding me right now?
No. does anybody else
want any coffee?
-Does that sound good?
-Cigarette?
Sure.
Yeah.
No. Allison. not you.
Somebody else.
Why don't you tell me
who you want me to take?
Megan.
Can you...not in here?
What?
She's pregnant.
Why do you keep
your cellphone in your boot?
'Cause I'd rather have cancer
in my ankle than in my head.
How long have you known
about all of this?
Look. I know that
nothing I can say
is gonna make you
feel any better.
but I promise you
that in the next 15 minutes
you're gonna look at
this whole thing differently.
Well. congratulations. everyone.
from this point forward.
your lives are
unabashedly your own.
Are you all familiar with
the recent news coverage
-on JD Wells?
-Are you talking about
-the fraudulent credit cards?
-That would be the most recent.
-yes.
-But. that was resolved. right?
Yes. it was.
They paid a fine.
and our CEO stepped down.
Well. that depends on
your definition of "resolved."
"Your" CEO?
You're technically just
a subcontractor. aren't you?
-Same difference.
-So. this is revenge?
The bank paid a fine.
they paid their customers back.
and the CEO stepped down. right?
But. he stepped down with
$124 million severance.
Wait. severance. like.
he got paid to quit?
That's exactly right.
and so did the other executive
who headed up
the entire scandal.
-Was anyone imprisoned?
-Bankers don't go to prison.
Just bank robbers.
That's very wise. Mr. Spitz.
-But. they paid a fine.
-The bank did.
The executives didn't.
and what. it was. like.
only $180 million.
or something like that?
-Only $180 million?
-The bank's worth
-at least a couple trillion.
-1.9.
Where are you going with this?
This is the bank's
internal server.
The $2.6 million they stole
through fraudulent cards
is nothing.
They took $36 billion
from taxpayers
during the bailout.
Almost every bank
had that going on.
He's right.
and they were all bailed out.
But. more than half
of the sub-prime mortgages
in the crisis started
right here at JD Wells.
There's no reason
to be defensive.
Just hear him out.
No. this is just
the tip of the iceberg.
Shit.
But. more than half
of the sub-prime mortgages
in the crisis started
right here at JD Wells.
There's no reason
to be defensive.
Why would you send me that?
Well. now this is
both our problems. isn't it?
Didn't your mother teach you:
don't open links from strangers?
This is a secure line.
Is it?
Well. what are you waiting for?
We're still figuring out
where he's at.
There are
government agencies for that.
So. you're ready
to derail this train
after everything
we've been through?
What about
the upcoming campaign?
Don't try that Southern comfort
bullshit with me.
-What do you want?
-You've already been bought.
What more can you offer?
Don't ever compromise.
What if I told you that when
an executive makes it to the top
of JD Wells. they're rewarded
with what's called
a "ghost account"?
Filled to the brim with profits
from insider trading.
illegal hidden fees.
and interest fraud.
I'd say prove it.
Show him.
That account there belongs to
the CEO of JD Wells.
How do you trace
where all that's coming from?
That's not the illegal one.
He used to be the COO
before the scandal.
Should we be looking at this?
Well. this is all
public information.
Our executives every year
allow their information
to be published.
so this is nothing new.
Show 'em the next one.
That's his hidden account.
not disclosed to the public
nor the IRS.
It's $182 million.
Okay. so how do you
know all this?
A little birdie told me.
Show 'em the next one.
That's the Chief
Technology Officer's.
She's obviously
doing a little bit better.
You know
I'm dedicated to my job.
and if it's all true.
I should know.
so that I'm prepared.
It's all bullshit.
So. you guys are "black hats."
Hack-tivists.
They're what now?
They're hackers.
You can trust us.
You can't be serious.
I'm very serious.
Can I talk to you outside
for a second?
All right.
how long have you known TJ?
-What. TJ?
-Yes.
Oh shit.
I thought she was a part
-of some Anonymous-type shit.
-Keep your voice down. please.
Nobody is with Anonymous.
you understand?
Right. you can't admit it.
that's the whole point.
So. he shows you a few numbers
and now you're a hacker?
Just let him finish.
Listen. I need you
to tone it down in there.
All right. I don't want
everyone thinking that
I'm trying to con them.
or something.
All right. mom's the word. man.
Look. I've got all your info.
I know you're not
-from around here.
-So?
So. I know you're
keeping things from me.
TJ's my roommate?
Just forget it.
So. how do y'all feel
about taking it?
Even if we believe
half the shit you just said.
what makes you think we're gonna
take this stupid deal?
-He just showed you proof.
-Maria.
-that could've been doctored.
-What does he have to gain
-by mocking that up?
-You tell us.
did you mock it up?
You're joking. right?
Nothing's been mocked up.
this is real.
Tell them. Frank.
Hey. what was that little
meeting in the hall about?
-He's not lying.
-Hey.
half hour ago
you were wearing a mask.
Us. that's--that's what
he gains by all of this.
He's getting us
to go along with it
so that he can get away with it.
Can't even give away
a couple million dollars.
-can you?
-Then. why not keep it all
-for yourself?
-He wants to spread the blame.
It'll be too long
and complicated
to try all of us.
Yeah. but by then. we'd have
enough money to fight it.
A trial.
what are we talking about?
We're not actually
doing this. are we?
Fight it with what.
stolen money?
Stolen money that doesn't exist.
You're a part of all this.
How the hell can we trust you?
These are powerful people.
They'll figure it out
and get rid of us.
No. that would just
open up an investigation.
No. they have
more money than God.
They'll get away with it.
No. they won't.
They get away with it.
we get away with it.
-Two wrongs don't make a right.
-Yeah. but sometimes
four gets you right back
to where you started.
Joking's not
gonna help anything.
More smartass bullshit.
We're not goin' along with this.
Well. it's already been done.
-Excuse me?
-You already did it?
That's right!
In a few days. you'll all be
the richest people
that you know.
Get ready to pull the stream.
He's doing it.
Ha! He's doin' it.
-What?
-Refund?
Yes. refunds.
bill pay. cash transfers.
that kind of stuff.
That's how it's gonna
show up in your accounts.
Yeah. 'cause that
won't get red-flagged.
No. it won't because they're all
gonna be small enough amounts
that it's not gonna
raise any suspicion.
Got it on good authority
that we're in the clear.
This could be
a new start for us.
Just wanted to document
here what a real-world
Daddy Warbucks looks like.
Aaron. please do not post that.
It's just for me. man.
You won't get away with this.
Get away with it?
He just gave you
a couple thousand dollars.
Yeah. and Frank made sure
you were in on it.
-Allison.
-What?
You make half a million
a year yourself.
not including what
your husband makes.
Therefore I don't know where
this money could do some good?
Yeah. what the fuck
do you care?
Oh. the food bank?
Yes. the food bank.
Really? Is that your sob story?
"I robbed the bank
for the children?"
I don't need a sob story.
In a few weeks.
you'll both have more money
-than you make in a year.
-What about them?
You don't steal from these
people and get away with it.
They will see
what we want them to see.
on their end.
on their interface.
it'll just be another
million-dollar day.
We'll turn you in.
Collin. stop
defending these people.
-They don't deserve it.
-And. and. for what?
For giving you millions
that no one will ever miss?
For threatening
and endangering our lives!
What the hell was that?
Let the record show
that no one ever had
a live round pointed at them.
-I did!
-Yeah?
Well. Frank.
you were in on this.
And this was not the plan!
Honestly. I hope you all
live your lives to the fullest
after what we've
accomplished here today.
Collin. look out!
We are not leaving this room
until everyone agrees
never to speak of this!
And who's gonna make us?
Everyone. shut up!
Everyone just shut up
and someone hand me my phone
-right now!
-Jane is right.
This is not
what we talked about.
Just hand me my phone.
Allison. careful.
-Hand me my phone.
-Careful.
You hand her the phone.
and we all go to prison.
And you'd have to shoot me.
but I know you
don't wanna do that.
So. could we just sit down
and talk this out?
We talked while he
turned us into criminals.
Just give me my phone.
Can we just back out of this?
There's no use.
-Signal's down again.
-Shut up!
Give Collin his gun back.
He's a little busy
-right now.
-Allison. Allison.
Frank. what the hell
is going on?
You hurt that girl.
-and I'll kill you.
-No one is going to hurt anyone!
Allison. if you shoot
anyone in this room.
you're gonna
have to kill us all.
Shut up!
I've got this!
Look. you can keep the gun.
Just lower it.
and let's sit down
and talk about this.
Him first.
Okay.
Can we agree to that?
What do you say?
Why not?
Okay.
-Okay.
-Someone may be dead.
We can bury his allegations.
easy enough.
We can even bury the code.
-but a body?
-Please. if that's the case.
he signed his fate
as a terrorist.
The video that proves
he killed someone
also discusses
everything going on.
Then if I were you. I'd stop
trying to politicize this.
and I would bury
that code right away.
Okay.
You really shouldn't
have done that.
Yeah. and we shouldn't
still be here either.
Whoa. hold on.
Ho--Try and stop me.
Please.
When were you going to let me in
all of these plan changes?
-Things change. all right?
-What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck are you doing?
Just let him go!
-And implicate us all?
-Implicate?
We're going to
figure this all out.
Who the hell do you
think you are?
How did any of you
think this was going to work?
Because it already has worked.
Haven't we already
been down this road?
If I have to put my gun down.
he shouldn't be able
to touch his laptop.
That's apples to apples.
Eh. fair enough.
You said everybody was gonna
have the opportunity to opt in.
Well. I think it
became very obvious
that they wouldn't unless
I showed them personal proof.
So you took away
our choice in the matter?
I'm sorry I gave you
all that money.
If you want out.
you can walk out.
And how we supposed to do that
with that asshole
standin' there?
If we promise
to walk out safely.
will you get out of the way?
Sure.
If she gives me her gun first.
How 'bout it?
Why does it matter
if we all agree?
If no one leaks this.
we all benefit.
Allison?
What are you doing?
Feeling better now?
Is that all that was for you?
What else would it be?
I'm not sayin'
that I'm doin' this.
but. uh.
what about the taxes?
Do you report cash deposits
straight into your account?
What about electronic
transfers between accounts?
Why let us in on this?
Spreading the blame
can't be worth all this risk.
You can call me an idealist.
or a patriot if that
makes you feel better.
A terrorist.
Yeah. didn't Oswald
call himself a patriot?
You're trying to redeem yourself
for being a part of this?
Look. just because you
don't exactly understand
what I've done here today
doesn't change the fact
that it's happened.
No sum of money
is worth this shit.
Does that mean you're
gonna turn us in?
Not necessarily.
I mean. you know.
what's done is done. right?
So. just like that?
You turn a blind eye?
Hey. I got no intentions
of spendin' my final days
in a jail cell.
These executives were born
in the same world as us.
and they choose to exploit it.
And that gives us
a right to take it?
If we just accept this.
we are just like them.
No. these are the 20 most
affluent people in the world.
You are nothing like them.
If he says he gave it to us.
-I'm not gonna argue.
-Exactly.
Why should we go to prison
for something that we
had nothing to do with?
Aiding and abetting.
How?
Did you help them
type up all that code?
And a court would have to
establish that. right?
But if we decide here and now
that no one's gonna tell anyone.
that's all a non-issue.
We take this to our graves.
or we all go down.
We can't all possibly
keep this under wraps.
Honestly. you think that not one
of us is gonna go to the cops
as soon as we step
outside those doors?
Releasing the video would just
throw us directly into the fire.
But...
we don't wanna be 100 percent
reactionary to this.
You still workin'
on that location?
You'll know when I know.
So. maybe we get ahead of this.
What do you have in mind?
I'm not ruining anyone's
life just because.
just because this strange
opportunity fell in our lap.
Maria. what are you saying?
If my silence means
a better future for our child.
so be it.
I'm in.
And I won't change my mind.
Of course you are.
What's that supposed to mean?
Means you're just
another millennial
looking for a handout.
Think what you want. man.
Is that what you think
of all millennials?
Do you all not see
how this money
could do some good?
Credit cards. mortgages.
student loans?
Car payments?
Medical bills?
That's all gone!
Money does not equal happiness.
Amen.
That. we might never agree on.
Look. this is
getting us nowhere.
All right. this is gonna
sound a little crazy.
but can I see a show of hands?
Who's willing
to walk out of here
and never speak of this again?
And. of course. me.
There is no choice.
just the illusion of one.
It doesn't matter what we do.
So. that's a yes?
No.
We're still not
100 percent here.
How do you mean?
Him. Mr. Washington.
What are you talkin' about?
What. you weren't
gonna tell 'em?
That you're FBI?
What the fuck are you doin'?
Way to confirm it. big man.
What are you doin'
in my face. huh?
Huh. you wanna shoot me?
Wanna shoot me. then
go ahead and fuckin' do it!
Blow this whole fuckin'
thing off the roof!
Do not test me.
Don't test you?
You better do it
or back the fuck up
because we're trying to do
something good here.
and you're getting in the way.
I figured you'd
all wanna know that.
Having a bureau man
as protection
goes a pretty long way.
doesn't it?
Now I won't tell 'em
your name. unless you make me.
What do you think. Collin. huh?
You're so fuckin'
high and mighty.
Think the FBI
wanna know about this?
I'm sure they're
already tracking it.
Couldn't have
said it better myself.
So. he's your inside guy.
There's proper channels
for whistleblowers.
Within the system. right?
Run it up the flag pole?
That same system
that you're defending
is the very arm of the law
designed to
investigate such crimes.
and even he can't help
but take a piece.
What are you talkin' about?
They told us they wouldn't
take anything for themselves.
That's right. Jane.
This was supposed to be
an act of moral principle.
-Do you wanna see?
-No. just
tell us what this
is really about.
The original plan.
the one that Frank
keeps alluding to.
we were supposed to come in
and secure the location.
buy time. make the hack.
and get the fuck out.
Yeah. but you fucked that plan
when you took your mask off.
And you got selfish.
I don't know what
you're talkin' about.
It's on the computer.
Do you wanna see?
Does anybody else wanna see?
-He's lying.
-Am I?
What about you?
Who are you?
Just tryin' to bring
a little balance to this mess.
Oh?
Oh. and you think
you're the one to do that?
That's a little arrogant.
don't you think?
What?
You're defending him.
the guy still wearing a mask?
You risked our lives.
your own
to make this
look like a robbery?
To hand over some cash?
Fortune favors the bold.
No. you coulda done this
from your couch.
There's something
you're not telling us.
Just how much exactly
do you think you
don't understand. Collin?
Fuck you.
Oh. my. I'd say we're making
some great progress here.
now. aren't we?
I need to take a piss.
Where are you going?
I'm not allowed to go?
So how long have you
been divorced?
-I admire your courage. Collin.
-My personal life
has nothing to do with this.
I'm sure you'd like us
all to believe that.
Your family deserves this.
You know what I do
three nights a week?
Step out on your family
with Allison?
I don't have to
explain myself to you.
My family's never taken
a single thing they didn't earn.
I'm not starting now.
That's pride talking.
I mean. he has a point though.
Isn't life hard enough
without being a single mother?
Earlier today. we were
begging for a mortgage.
Now our children
won't beg for anything.
Night classes.
criminal justice.
So your family can know
the injustice of their father
and husband
dying in the streets?
I'll put a gun to
your head for the camera.
if it'll make you feel better.
You've been saying all day
"Let's just get out of here."
and now you wanna be a hero?
Don't you think
a woman like yours
would do a lot more
with this money than
those bankers?
Don't be afraid of
being hypocritical. Collin.
We all are.
Well. apparently.
because you and I
are sleeping together.
I'm just supposed to
go along with all this.
-Collin.
-So sick of this shit!
I can't believe
we're outnumbered here!
What's wrong is wrong!
Wrong is just a line in the sand
that changes with every tide.
How do you supposed
to argue with that?
How 'bout you
sit down and shut up.
No!
You're gonna have to shoot me.
Collin. sit down!
Now.
Sit down.
Now. Frank.
Frank. you are the one
who got us into this mess.
so tell us.
how do we get out of it?
We all agree to disagree
and we walk.
Someone wants to
go to the cops. fine.
Where's the proof?
This company gave me
my first real job.
Don't be ridiculous!
I gave you your first job.
So. you
are more of a martyr than him?
I've worked here for longer
than you've been alive.
and they spat in my face.
They stole from
a quarter of the planet.
You are naive for thinking
you can't take this money.
Enough. enough.
Wouldn't you rather
spend the rest of your life
with your son?
Stop using my child against me.
You know. if you care
so much about this. then
why not include the Flores'?
What?
I didn't not
include the Flores'.
Why not just
sit them in a waiting room
until all this went down.
and you could change
their life forever?
There was nothing I could do.
You couldn't
pop your head out
and just let them know
their mortgage was approved?
I knew that if
we started the process.
you would still be here
when these two guys came in.
But no need for that
mortgage now. huh?
I didn't wanna put
your child at risk.
He was trying to
limit the shares.
-You're not just two--
-Shares?
There's no limit
to this kind of money!
Why are we any less deserving
than your employees?
Or her?
Luckily. she came to get us.
Jane?
Look. I made a judgement call.
So did I.
Okay. new deal.
We're gonna open-source this.
We're gonna boot
the camera back up.
and we're gonna need a take two.
All right?
Everybody's gonna
raise their hand
in unanimous agreement.
And then. afterwards.
I'm gonna give you the video.
That means that we all get
to walk out of here alive
with millions of dollars
in our account
and video proof showing
that you were forced
to take the deal at gunpoint.
Does everybody like that?
Does that make sense?
Stop. I just want out of here!
Collin. if you really
can't live with it.
just donate it to
charity or something.
I don't know. but we.
we can't ruin
these people's lives.
You think she can take it?
I just needed to pay my rent.
That was the only fuckin'
reason I was here today.
Where are your pills?
Black and white container.
It's gonna be okay.
Okay.
-Okay.
No. this isn't right.
Collin.
Look at her!
Look at what all of you
have done to her!
You don't think she'll crack?
She's already broken!
-Collin!
-You did this!
Hey. don't you
want to silence her?
Go ahead. do it. do it. do it!
Go ahead. you wanna do it?
Fuck 'em. hm?
You're the only one who can
make hard decisions. right?
So why don't you do it?
-Come on. fuckin' do it!
-Don't move!
That's enough!
It's okay. I got this.
It's okay. I. I. I got it.
-Get off your computer!
-Collin.
-put the gun down!
-Can everyone just please
calm the fuck down?
Clearly. we're not getting
through to you. Collin. are we?
-Allison. just--
-Whoa!
-You two are going nowhere.
-Collin. put the gun down.
you're gonna
get somebody killed!
Okay.
Where you gonna go. Collin. huh?
Where you gonna go?
What's your story?
Ten people are
conspiring against you
that are gonna steal
millions from ghost accounts
and then give you a cut?
Is that your story?
You gotta know when
you're beat. son.
I'm not going with you.
I'm sorry. you're on your own.
Look. look at that. huh?
Don't do it.
Think about that.
Just let go.
Just let it go.
No. no. no. no. no. Megan!
Megan. you're fine. you're fine!
No!
Oh. fuck!
God!
Is this what I got to fucking do
to get you to listen to me?
God fuckin' dammit!
God fucking dammit!
Ah! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!
-Frank. it looks--
-Yeah. I know
that their application
says approved.
but don't tell them that.
Is something wrong?
Just tell them to
come in on Monday.
and I will walk them through it.
Okay.
Hi. sir. how can I help you?
Yeah. I don't have
my account number.
Y'all set me up on
a new business account. so.
That. that's okay.
Just go ahead
and fill this slip out
to the best of your ability.
and I can do the rest.
-Okay?
-All right.
Ma'am. I'm so sorry.
We're short-staffed
on Saturdays.
I don't think I can
take off again Monday.
Why don't I just drop
you off at work on Monday.
and I'll come over here?
All right.
Um. I need my check
deposited by today.
If I could maybe just get
a deposit slip really quickly?
Yeah. I can take
care of that for you.
It will be much quicker
if you come inside.
Thank you.
So if I get me one
of them new smartphones.
I could do all this from home.
Uh. yes. sir.
All you need to do is
download the JD Wells
banking app
and you should be good to go.
Now that'd may be
reason enough to get one.
But then again.
I wouldn't have the pleasure
of seein' you now would I?
I'm sorry about that.
It's a bit busier
than we thought.
Um. last time.
think it was your manager.
mentioned that I was up
for a small business loan.
Can we get that put together?
Did you barf?
We're actually about to close.
uh. I can set up
an appointment for you.
When would be a good time?
How 'bout first thing
Monday morning?
Oh. sorry. hold on.
Frank. can I get your assistance
at the front. please?
Frank. are you there?
Just. just a second.
Shit.
God.
Sorry about that.
I'm. I'm really sorry
about this. just
give me one second.
JD Wells internal security.
this is Pam.
Is this an emergency?
Looks like we lost
the camera stream
for one of your branches.
You got anything on your end?
I think I remember
someone mentioning
maintenance going on
at a couple locations.
You're going to
respond to dispatch.
Yeah. here it is.
Out in the burbs
on Johnson Avenue.
Routine maintenance.
Looks like it's time we switch
out the internal batteries
on those cams
if we lost the stream.
I'd say so.
Here we go.
I'm seeing on my end that
they've verified over radio.
This is what we get for
bein' the weekend shift. right?
Nobody tells us nothin'.
No shit.
Have a good one.
It's over?
As far as we can tell.
Nothing tragic?
Time will tell.
Any sort of hearing
would likely be much
more complicated now.
Well. I'll do what I do.
and you do what you do.
You wanna know who he is?
We hired him...
...to audit our entire system.
He must have found something
he thought could be
interpreted this way.
That was good.
but you might wanna
rehearse it a bit more.
Selfish. huh?
What makes you think
it was for me?
That's not the point.
Everything that went wrong today
was your fault.
We coulda had this thing
wrapped in a bow hours ago.
but you had to go get all
self-righteous on everybody.
They don't know whether
to trust us or fear us.
and that's thanks to me.
Was that your plan for me too?
I'd say you're the most
idealistic person I know
if you weren't so
fuckin' convoluted.
I know you think you
lost somethin' in there.
And this might go in
one ear and out the other.
but I'm gonna say it anyway.
I don't know what
this money means to you.
but for me it means that
when I die...
...I actually mean
somethin' to my daughter.
Psh.
Don't be me. kid.
Come in on Monday
like everything's normal.
I...
-I heard the shot in the back.
-This is not what you think.
-Allison.
-Well. then what is it?
The bullets are all blanks.
I'm working on getting you
transferred to another branch.
where maybe you don't get along
with the manager so well.
and you can quit.
Okay.
You don't think she'll crack?
She's already broken!
You did this!
Hey. don't you
wanna silence her?
Go ahead. do it. do it. do it.
go ahead. you wanna do it?
You're the only one that can
make hard decisions. right?
So why don't you do it.
make the hard decision.
I made a judgement call.
So did I.
You hand her the phone.
and we all go to prison.
My family's never taken
a single thing they didn't earn.
I'm not starting now.
That's pride talking.
This could be
a new start for us.
Hey. I got no intentions
of spending my final days
in a jail cell.
I gave you the opportunity. sir.
He's just. uh.
he's just trying to
keep everyone safe.
You really shouldn't
have done that.
Yeah. and we shouldn't
still be here either.
Whoa. hold on.
Ho--Try and stop me.
Please.
When were you going to
let me in on all of these
plan changes?
Things change. all right?
What the fuck is going on?
What the fuck are you doing?
Just let him go!
-And implicate us all?
-Implicate?
We're going to
figure this all out.
Who the hell do
you think you are?
How did any of you think
this was going to work?
Just let go.
There is no choice.
just the illusion of one.
It doesn't matter what we do.
So maybe we get ahead of this.
What do you have in mind?
Let's tell our story before
somebody else tells it for us.
Migrate what needs
to be migrated.
get ahead of the market since
we'll obviously take a dip.
All of you are victims
of the most corrupt
bank in history.
Today is your bailout.